feat!: Allow configuring port numbers and validate config properties (#43)
stackabletech/trino-lb: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Added a configuration to specify the port numbers for `http`, `https` and `metrics` ([#XX]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a configuration to specify the port numbers for `http`, `https` and `metrics` ([#43]).
```

### Changed

> - BREAKING: Ensure no unknown config properties have been set. This is to make the user aware that what he tried to configure is not a valid configuration. You may need to adopt your configuration and remove any unknown properties ([#XX]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- BREAKING: Ensure no unknown config properties have been set. This is to make the user aware that what he tried to configure is not a valid configuration. You may need to adapt your configuration and remove any unknown properties ([#43]).
```

Reviewer: You'll need to add `[#43]: https://github.com/stackabletech/trino-lb/pull/43`, as the line is beyond where I can make a suggestion in Github Issues.

Reviewer: The suggestion wasn't applied

Author: Sorry, I only saw the PR number. typo is fixed
